# net-feedForwardLoop
Bioinformatics - Systems Biology: Gene Regulatory Networks - C1-FFL motif of the arabinose system

Goals:

<ol type="1">
  <li>Simulation of a regulation network in a cell.</li>
  <ul>
    <li>Expressing the system of equations for a protein regulation network.</li>
    <li>Demonstrating and commenting on the effect of cooperativity, the dilution/degradation constant of the messenger, and the Hill coefficient.</li>
    <li>How to include in the ODE system the formation of the AB dimer, what parameters would be necessary to know for its simulation?</li>
    <li>Metabolic network using Cell Designer.</li>
    <li>Importing the model generated in Cell Designer into COPASI.</li>
  </ul>
  <li>Positive and negative autoregulation: NAR and PAR motifs.</li>
    <ul>
      <li>Evaluating autoregulation in gene transcription.</li>
      <li>Inclusion of NAR and PAR for the gene in the complete network.</li>
    </ul>
  <li>C1-FFL motif of the arabinose system.</li>
    <ul>
      <li>Temporal evolution of the components of the arabinose system of Escherichia coli.</li>
      <li>Describing the arabinose operon model imported into COPASI.</li>
      <li>Event analysis.</li>
      <li>cAMP signal analysis.</li>
      <li>What would be the behavior if instead of including an AND gate, an OR gate were used for the CRP and araC factors?</li>
      <li>Implementing a model for the lactose operon system of E. coli.</li>
      <li>What are the main differences between both systems?</li>
      <li>What is the main adaptation generated by a C1-FFL motif? </li>
    </ul>
</ol>
